this is the pit area at penn national
half-mile flat track just outside of
harrisburg pennsylvania soon as the Sun
Goes Down five or six thousand people
are gonna watch the Lebanon Valley 100 I
wonder how many of those people are
truck drivers a bit too a lot now
there's one truck driver when he slips
out from behind the wheel of his rig he
comes here and he slips in behind
another wheel
this is one of those Sundays when Randy
Kissinger trades is yellow freight
rigged for a 500-horsepower modified you
do what a lot of guys who drive regs
would love to do drive a racecar I hey I
tell you you know when you're a little
kid everybody wants to have a race car
toys or this is basically a big toy
let's go back to a night in may of
nineteen ninety-one when Randy was
running in the Superstock division
that's Randy in the yellow triple deuce
Malibu in traffic
well that's one less car to worry about
the officials put Randy at the head of
the pack after the caution it's a lead
he never gives up and he gets the
checkered flag this year and he's moved
up to the modified plants a pretty big
jump he's worked his way up over the
years from motorcycles to modified kind
of like he did it yellow freight where
he started on the dock ja keyed in the
yard and now he's over a road on top
think racing and trucking have anything
in common Randy sure does well how about
if someone passes you going down the
interstate and they decided they need to
make a right hand turn like that they
jammed their break so that's the same
feeling you have when you're in this cuz
you're just you're you don't know what's
going to happen and it can happen at any
time any place anywhere so what's safer
I definitely feel safer in the race car
because for one thing it's a controlled
environment when you're racing okay
there's everybody there that you need to
protect you and help you whether be the
ambulances the fire crews you're fit
through everyone's there you know as
well as I do if you're ever down on the
Beltway where there's four lanes going
each way at about four-thirty and people
are just weaving and bobbing and cutting
and weaving and going about 70 it can
get a little uneasy sometimes Randy
lives in landisville Pennsylvania his
garage is five minutes from his house in
10 minutes from the yellow freight yard
it's about time we got racing isn't it
first the warm-ups
it's a little greasy out there right now
the car felt good Motors really running
strong everything seems to be pretty
well in order and now it's time to run
Randy starts from the third old but it's
downhill from there uh oh well it's just
not Randy's night let's not watch all
yak and he let's just say he didn't
qualify
what happened well we went out we had
too much not enough stagger in the car
and what happens as soon as you pitch
the car to go into the turn it wants to
go to the fence in other words this tire
is grabbing too much and it's called you
up against the wall what we got to do is
put a tire on about three inches smaller
and circumference that will help us get
into the tourney get around it you get
it next time hey we always try arted
we'll keep trying that wasn't exactly
what Randy had in mind but he is a
rookie and he'll be back for the full
season next year if you're rolling down
the road and you hear triple deuce and
you want to talk racing you know who you
got Randy Kissinger at Penn National
Speedway near Harrisburg Pennsylvania
this is tom d'antoni for the Tucker's
network